Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you sleeping.
Matt Huss III: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you hear me.
Matt Huss III: I can't hear you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Matt Huss III: Oh, there you go.
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I project such him for my air but
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said we're sleeping.
Matt Huss III: Almost. Yeah.
Matt Huss III: Um, yeah, that's what I was gonna tell you off right away was
Matt Huss III: Yeah, for some reason, I am very, very exhausted today.
Matt Huss III: And just like nodding off and stuff.
Matt Huss III: So I don't know that. I mean, I was thinking maybe it might be like what a lot more beneficial if maybe we spoke tomorrow or you know later in the week instead of tonight or but if not, it's OK. I just, I am I don't see myself.
Matt Huss III: talking as much as you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, that's fine. Let's just do a quick check in and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then I'll let you out. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me how your week when
I'm
Matt Huss III: Pretty good. This week, actually, um, I did do two real actual journal entries
Um,
Matt Huss III: Well, one of them is so long that you can consider it for the whole week and you know
Matt Huss III: It's like three pages of like tight.
Matt Huss III: Tight pages.
Matt Huss III: But yeah, I sat down and tried to do that, you know, one or two days. I forgot about it completely.
Matt Huss III: At least I'm
Matt Huss III: Getting to was like amazing that I did that to me for me.
Matt Huss III: So proud about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You should be, it's a start. You know what I mean you have to start somewhere and you're trying and that's all that matters. You know, tell me after you wrote your first one, your three pager. How did you feel getting it out on paper.
Matt Huss III: Was
Matt Huss III: As cathartic for me as
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: Writing poetry or painting.
Matt Huss III: Mm hmm. Whereas, this was just
Matt Huss III: Writing down just how I felt. And what I was thinking at that moment.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Next time I will try to pay attention. Better to any changes from
Matt Huss III: Before, and after. But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, don't forget that the idea is to be able to write down things that you're struggling with things that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are bothering you, things that you're stressed out about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And after you write it down and you close that book or you you close the page down to be able to say, Okay, I'm not going to worry about that scenario.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For 24 hours.
Matt Huss III: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not going to worry about it for 24 hours. I'm not going to think about it for 24 hours.
Okay.
Matt Huss III: I didn't, I didn't know
Matt Huss III: It was so specific. I was so, like, especially that long one. I wrote was way off topic.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's the thing, Matt, is it doesn't matter what topic. It is. It's whatever you're you're getting out on paper.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's all that matters. Yeah, and you know, getting in the routine in the habit of doing that.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: There was one there was. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know you're saying
Matt Huss III: But the one I was trying to think about. My feeling was there was something that was really eating at me. Um,
Matt Huss III: And I wrote it down. And I don't remember feeling like any better about it. But like you said, Maybe I can say I write it down the close the book and say okay I can forget about it for now.
Matt Huss III: For hours, maybe, maybe I'll try maybe that might work. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, and here's the thing, writing it down. And that's what what the second half of the information that I'm giving you today. So when you do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're writing things that you're struggling with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pay attention to whether or not they're in your control or they're not in your control.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Matt Huss III: That was actually a big aspect of the first one I did it was
Matt Huss III: It was along the lines of, I can change.
Matt Huss III: Myself and my life and my circumstances, I can forgive myself, but I will never be able to change the things that I did, or the ways that I affected negatively other people
Matt Huss III: And even a
Matt Huss III: Truly, honestly, forgive me, I will never be able to forgive myself for things I've done to other people, you know, so
Matt Huss III: Yeah, that's kind of
Matt Huss III: That yeah just remind my mind is the only reason I brought it up, was because of that control thing, whereas you know that that I guess that's a big
I'm a
Matt Huss III: I'm a control freak. I guess kind of
Matt Huss III: Yeah, it's it's things that are not in my control drive me a little nuts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I guess. Sure, sure. You know, when we feel powerless in some areas of our life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's easy to need to be in control to have the need to be in control in control in with as much as we possibly can in our life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really being able to identify the things that you do have control over versus what you don't have control over. You know what you don't have control over is other people, places and things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have control over what you do. From this day forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how you respond and how you react.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm glad that you wrote it out. But I also want to work with you on learning how to forgive yourself for past for the past your past, because who you were back then.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Under the influence
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is not who you are today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And remembering that piece. You know what I mean. You don't need any extra baggage hanging on your back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yard. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It gets really heavy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If we allow it to stay there. It can consume us and ruin what we're trying to create for our future.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you. That's why in a they say
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't ever close the door on your past nor do you stay, nor do you leave a foot in it or or something like that. Basically, you want it to be like a rearview mirror to where you can look back there and say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah I did some pretty shitty things, thank God.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I've turned my life around. Thank God I'm not acting in those manners anymore.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a different person. I'm who I'm supposed to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that kind of combats those negative thoughts that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those internal feelings of low self worth, low self esteem and that you deserve to be punished for the rest of your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because those all those are all falsities
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I really, they really, really are. So if we can get you to that point to get it down on paper, identify what you're powerless over what you can work on changing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then it gives you a better idea, you know, of how to move forward.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Matt Huss III: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, tell me how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you're sleeping is during
Matt Huss III: I'm I'm
Matt Huss III: I'm waking up. I go to sleep. Fine.
Matt Huss III: But, and this has been basically as for as long as I can remember.
Matt Huss III: I wake up three, four or five times a night.
Matt Huss III: Sometimes I have to get a drink. Sometimes the bat, go to the bathroom. Sometimes
Matt Huss III: I can stay in bed and go back to sleep, but
Matt Huss III: Yeah, without fail. Every night I'm up every couple hours few hours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any nightmares.
Matt Huss III: No, no.
Matt Huss III: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, that's a plus. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, how are you doing on your water and your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Food
Matt Huss III: Better actually
Matt Huss III: Been eating.
Matt Huss III: Oatmeal, and some healthy cereal in it, putting fruit into the oatmeal.
Matt Huss III: But yeah, so a little better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're working progress. You know what I mean. Little baby steps at a time. We can't change everything overnight. I mean, you know, a year ago when you got sober. You already changed.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A huge you know this basic part of your life. And so now it's just about honing in on the things that will make you feel better and your life feel better.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've
Matt Huss III: Done so much so many times, which ended in relapse because I wanted to, once I was clean. I wanted to be able to do everything and everything perfectly and take the world on
Matt Huss III: Immediately
Matt Huss III: And
Matt Huss III: And it's taken me a long time to learn, to start with, you know, those baby steps.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now we have to start somewhere. You know what I mean. And oftentimes, you'll see people when they get clean and sober, they will go, they'll get a job, you know, because they haven't had a job in a while, and they will go full into work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 24 seven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's unhealthy too because like look at the scenario around us. Now, you know, something that's out of our control happens and we have to take time off work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: idle hands. I don't mind.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: If I didn't do the like if this was one of my past. Try to try and recoveries. If I didn't do it like I was this time without any help or therapy or, you know,
Matt Huss III: And I just, and I did what I usually did by going into school and work or just a full time job work and then this coronavirus hit, I would definitely say I probably would have relapsed by now.
Matt Huss III: So,
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I could see that. Yes, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so it's about finding
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Learning your balance and finding it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, there needs to be a little attention given to sleep a little attention given to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Food intake and water intake.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Connections human connections. You know what I mean work, school children, you know, and you're in the middle. So you think about it as a circle and you're in the middle. And if your self care you know if you're lacking, and some of the basic necessities. Everything suffers.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you're giving yourself the best self care that you that you believe that you can everything flourishes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Matt Huss III: So you're saying that
Matt Huss III: If I, if I'm interpreting this correctly.
Matt Huss III: You would rather
Matt Huss III: The person.
Matt Huss III: Say it's a circle like that.
Matt Huss III: And this is the max potential of every single aspect of your life that would make you happy.
Matt Huss III: You would rather have the center core come out evenly, rather than like this way.
Matt Huss III: Or this way instead. And then, yeah, okay, so like less less of one thing
Matt Huss III: And more of another is better than you know.
Matt Huss III: Like the, the higher one that the more higher one will come down, but the lower one will come up and that's way more healthy
Matt Huss III: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I can see that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're, you are the center of that circle.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so if you're working on getting yourself healthy, healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: mentally, emotionally, physically and everything that you engage yourself in around it in that circle flourishes because you're what you're saying to yourself, is I matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what you're putting out there in all of these areas is that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, because I am taking care of myself. I can give you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 100% of me, whether it be in parenting, whether it be in your, your schoolwork, whether it be in in work, you know, whatever that might look like whatever your balances, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's why it's important that baby steps are taken because you're in the middle and your world around you is bigger
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a heavy load to carry
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you.
Matt Huss III: Right yeah for me right now. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For you and anybody that's the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thing for you and for anybody. It's like that for everybody in early recovery in the first couple of years of
Matt Huss III: Every yeah that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're not alone in that you know at all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Matt Huss III: Somebody come from.
Matt Huss III: When I
Matt Huss III: You know, as, like, get off, you know, shooting up oxy code on three times a day. And, you know,
Matt Huss III: Doing whatever you know you have to do, like, really low and bad like really bad into their addiction and then quit. And then, and have you seen them become a functional
Matt Huss III: Person.
Matt Huss III: Not just functioning and not just by substitution or a day or but actually feel happy.
Matt Huss III: Become a happy.
Matt Huss III: Individual
Matt Huss III: And if you have
Matt Huss III: How long did that take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I haven't several occasions, I want you to know that I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Probably depending on the work that you do internally and part of the, the issue is that you have to be able to address the core issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That deep down, you know that deep down core in that volcano that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you don't want anyone to know
Matt Huss III: Yeah, and that, and that's why I'm. That's the reason I'm finally going to therapies, because you know I can be on Suboxone and stay clean the rest of my life.
Matt Huss III: You know,
Matt Huss III: I had to, but
Matt Huss III: That doesn't
Matt Huss III: Yeah.
Matt Huss III: It's, yeah, this time. This is the first time of any of my recoveries that I've wanted to actually find out what causes causes the addiction and relapses and stuff. The underlying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you if you dissect your, your relapses if you think about, and you actually dissect your last relapse. You could probably pinpoint it to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Something in the regards to either your environment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or not dealing with the stuff not not dealing with that internal stuff that's underneath there and not learning coping skills to be able to deal with life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Taking on the world.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Again, making yourself so stressed out that you know of course your addiction is going to grab you and Yankee back, you know, um, but I've also seen people that have walked in recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Didn't think for one minute that they were going to be able to stay sober and did it one day at a time, one meeting at a time, one group at a time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One assignment at a time, and before they knew it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Their life was perfectly okay and they were happy with what they had created in the work that they had done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that internal work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just the stuff that nobody knows about that you think that if people knew
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that they would think you were a horrible person.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We all have we, everybody has that you have to know that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
If you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody especially everybody that goes through addiction. It could be environmental that that creates the addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your family, you know, drank and use drugs while you were growing up around you all the time. That was the normal life for you. Or there could have been sexual abuse, physical abuse, emotional abuse. There could have been
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: tragedies that you'd been witness to or been a part of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Losses you know any of these things that cause massive internal pain massive emotional plane pain if we don't have the coping skills to deal with it and know what what we're supposed to do the easiest thing to do is is to drink and use
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's an instant, right, it just shuts it off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if you had the coping skills to be able to dig out that crap.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Throw it on the floor.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: dissect it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then get rid of it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Then you have this ability to feel that internal that internal hole that that stuff's been sitting in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now it's empty. So now we got to fill it. So we fill it with sobriety we fill it with what does it mean for Matthew to be happy. What does that look like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how do we get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We feel it by engaging ourselves in healthy people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: connecting with people that are on the same path you know as us, or that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can help us in our walk with us in our life you know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is part of us moving forward versus us being stuck in the past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the number one thing that you have to work through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is forgiving yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because this is what I'm going to tell you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody has has the story to tell. Not everybody has especially everybody that struggles with this disease.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because who they are when they're under the influence.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is not who they are. We do things that we wouldn't normally do we hurt people. You know, we wouldn't normally hurt or we never wanted to hurt you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of that commons with drugs. Drugs and alcohol use.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Drug and alcohol addiction.
Matt Huss III: It's still crazy to think about you being capable of
Matt Huss III: Doing such horrible things
You know,
Matt Huss III: When
Matt Huss III: That's, I guess that's why it makes
Matt Huss III: It so unforgivable for me because
Matt Huss III: You know, you're still you you're not you, you know, the real you. But you, you realize that you do have a
Matt Huss III: something in you that is capable of doing so much
Matt Huss III: Harm and such horrible things and good, you know, at the same time.
Matt Huss III: That
Matt Huss III: You know, is it truly the addiction that brings you out that like lets you
Matt Huss III: That enables you to be able to do something that horrible.
Matt Huss III: Be but because
Matt Huss III: I don't know. I mean, it just, it's so hard to
Matt Huss III: wrap my head around that.
Matt Huss III: Something
Matt Huss III: Would
Matt Huss III: Make me do some things that I
Matt Huss III: You know, would
Matt Huss III: Never have imagined that I would do, or even dream. Think of being able to do you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh. So remember that there was a driving force.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Number one, do you have you ever heard people say that addiction is a moral failing.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's that whole controversy of it being a disease versus a moral failing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The reality of it is it is it is a disease. And when you're under the influence your values and your morals, they're pushed down and the drive, which is your addiction to get your drug stories and to not feel and to, you know, deal with it. It's a compulsion. That's what's driving that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So when you get clean and sober and your morals and values are coming back. That's what makes you so horrified that you can't believe that you reacted or you know behaved in that manner.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, because even after doing it while I was still high, and
Matt Huss III: Yeah, it makes sense because I didn't like regret it the next day or night, you know, say to myself, I can't believe I was able to do that. Or, you know, it wasn't. It's not until a few months of being clean that you look back and it's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is a lot of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: People struggle in early recovery. It's not just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the cravings and the triggers of us, but it's letting go of the the people, places and things that you used with and around it is identifying who you are when you're under the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Influence versus who you really are. When you're not and taking a look at that guilt and shame those, those two are big relapsing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Issues.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the craziest thing to me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your disease lives in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it knows these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It doesn't feel
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right let's play on that a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's get uncomfortable in our, in our skin, you know, because it's got one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's to take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period. It doesn't have any other job but to take you out. It never says things nice to you your disease talks to you when you think about using when you are dwelling on your behaviors of your addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because the Lord knows if if he can, you know, hammer on your heart enough he'll get you back you'll give up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's about combating those thoughts identifying them and combating them and changing those thought that thought process. You know what I mean. And that's why it's so important that you're able to say to different people.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Addiction driven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And Matthew
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, when we have struggled with childhood trauma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when there has been an addiction in our family unit growing up that is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We don't see anything wrong with it because it's a normal part of life. Right. And so it's easy to fall right right down into that same you know pathway with it, whether it be drinking, smoking marijuana or you know whatever whatever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Everybody else the people that are supposed to love you protect you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And teach you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are the ones that are teaching you to be an addict.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so you think about you know that you think about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, I can tell you for myself I my I have three adult children and I created the best attics there ever there ever was.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Matt Huss III: That's funny to hear somebody say that because I'm scared as hell that I did some real emotional and mental trauma to my daughter growing up and yeah I'm
Matt Huss III: So scared of just waiting for her to
Matt Huss III: Have
Matt Huss III: That you know that Catholic girl.
Matt Huss III: explode like
Matt Huss III: You know what I mean, like those Shelton, and then all of a sudden just
Matt Huss III: go off the deep end.
Matt Huss III: Like waiting for that to happen so well and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Here's the thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you think about this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You also are getting ready to go, move back with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to teacher. The other side of the coin.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I'm looking forward to that. I thought about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, what you bring to the table for her being a sober dad is so much you can do. You can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know show her your experience how it felt the things that you went through, you know, give her the information power, you know, knowledge is power.
Matt Huss III: Yeah, I've always been
Matt Huss III: very weary on discussing the details of my past.
Matt Huss III: When it comes to drugs with her because
Matt Huss III: You know, I guess I'm afraid of how she'll view me or her opinion of me, but kind of think of it, maybe I maybe
Matt Huss III: If I'm
Matt Huss III: If I knew more about the consequences and stuff of
Matt Huss III: Addiction and how it all plays out beforehand or at an earlier age might might have been
Matt Huss III: A lot of help. So I don't know. You know that's hard. It's hard to admit, just the only the one the person that you love the most. And the person that you the moat. The that you care the most about how they view you are at well their opinion of you, you know, and to
Matt Huss III: Tell them what you some, some of the things you've done and
Matt Huss III: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't have to die. You don't have to dive in deep, you know, with her. But giving her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the process of what happens when you first start using and how it progresses.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then it gets to a point where it owns you. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: giving her the information in a, in a manner that is non judgmental and supporting her if you find out that she has done something but be non non judgmental with her. And you know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That piece is what's important. Letting her know that you came out on the other side. After you you know experienced this dragon this dragon this drug. And this is where that lead you. And by doing that, you have to remember to with kids. Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Number one. Number one person is their parents. Number one, and they love their parents on conditionally no matter what.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. She knows that you've been. I mean, you're you've been away for a year, she knows that you've been struggling right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What a great opportunity for you to go back
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Explain to her about using about drugs and alcohol and about addiction and just maybe take some early from her. Because I can tell you that kids sometimes believe that they're the problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Matt Huss III: I've heard about that, like of divorce and stuff. I've never experienced that myself. It's weird. But yeah, I have. Yeah, I definitely can see how
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How it can can, you know, um, it's that way with of course towards families, but it's also like that with, you know, parents that struggle with addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, because you're putting you've put something else in front of her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so it's easy for her to think that she's the problem.
Matt Huss III: Or
Matt Huss III: She doesn't matter as much as
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, yeah. And to get to go back and say, Listen, this is my story and this is you know where I am. It has absolutely nothing to do with you. You know, I was able to find the strength within myself to get sober because I love you so much, you know,
Matt Huss III: I love that. I love that saying ever hear that saying that
Matt Huss III: People are just children having children.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You had her when she was when you were how old
Matt Huss III: I was 18
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep. Baby raising a baby, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I tell my, my daughter. I had heard a young age to and I tell her I'm so glad you survived my parenting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you didn't come with the book, I had no idea what I was doing. I had nobody to show me so thank God I appreciate the fact that you're here and that you survived, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And now that she's you know a grown adult we laugh about it. But you know what I mean, it's just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just those things that are important and knowing that you never, you know, you never meant to hurt anybody.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ever
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But there was a driving force a compulsion.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And you have to remember that, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what helps you day by day a little by little work on forgiving yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Make sense
Matt Huss III: Yeah, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are so you're tired, you're not feeling well you just really tired.
Matt Huss III: Just, just really, really fatigued and tired. Yeah, that's all. Otherwise, done. Yeah, I'm okay. I'm just extremely yeah
Matt Huss III: lack of motivation, just like can barely
Matt Huss III: Week in my muscles and yeah just
Matt Huss III: That's all. But I'm
Matt Huss III: In a fine mental state actually today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Matt Huss III: And no
Matt Huss III: No crawling under my skin or Restlessness or anything like that, you know,
Matt Huss III: It's just really, I guess it's purely just and I slept. I was up late last night, working on the next day. That was do but
Matt Huss III: But I got a lot of sleep today. Maybe I slept too late or something and day. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or maybe the stress of everything that you've been going through maybe
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know your body knows that it wants rest, now's the time to get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or maybe your, you know, your system is fighting off.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, allergies, or, or, you know, above
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I wasn't going to take it that far but
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about it, think about that and listen to your body when it says I need a break. I need to just rest you know it's telling you that's its way of talking to you and telling you what its needs are. So you have to listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you're going to continue trying to write in your journal
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right and continuous self care and get a map.
OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will see you, same time, same place next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I hope that you feel better get rest.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By Matthew
Bye.